Update managing-accounts (#58)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/testnet/references/manage-accounts.rst

.. _Notabene: https://notabene.id
.. _Discord: https://discord.com/invite/xWmQ5tp

.. _managing_accounts:

========
Accounts
========

.. contents::
   :local:
   :backlinks: none

An account on the Concordium blockchain consists of two parts. The :ref:`on-chain<glossary-on-chain>`
part which is publicly visible, and maintained by the bakers, and the
:ref:`off-chain<glossary-off-chain>` part.

The on-chain part of the account consists of

> - the credentials associated with the account.

Author: Yes, but not with only one item. I'll add more of what I intended.

``3ZFGxLtnUUSJGW2WqjMh1DDjxyq5rnytCwkSqxFTpsWSFdQnNn``.

In the tools described below the user will typically select an **account name**
which makes the account easier to identify. This is only a local alias, and is not used by the Concordium blockchain.
The name is resolved to an address before interactions with the node.

Account concepts
================

.. _managing-account-balances:

Account balances
----------------

Each account has two balances, the *public balance* which can be *seen* by every
member of the Concordium Network, and a :ref:`shielded
balance<glossary-shielded-balance>`, which is also referred to as *encrypted
balance*. The shielded balance is only known to the owner of the account. It
can only be used in :ref:`shielded transfers<glossary-shielded-transfer>` to
other accounts.

The public balance of the account is used for payment of transaction fees,
baking, finalization, and transfers.

At any given time some of the public balance might be unavailable for use. This

> can happen in two ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can happen in two ways:
```

- the account has :ref:`staked<glossary-staked-amount>` some (or all) of the public
  balance in order to become a baker

> - some of the public balance is locked-up because it was received via a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- some of the public balance is locked up because it was received via a
```

>   :ref:`transfer with schedule<glossary-transfer-with-schedule>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :ref:`transfer with schedule<glossary-transfer-with-schedule>`.
```

The locked-up balance can only be staked, but it can not be used for payment of
transaction fees, nor can it be transferred to other accounts.

The relationship between the different balances can be best illustrated on an
example.\ [#footnote-ignore-fees]_ Suppose that on January 1 the account starts

> with 100 GTU on the public balance. None of it is locked-up or staked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with 100 GTU on the public balance. None of it is locked up or staked.
```

Then on January 2 the account receives 50 GTU via a :ref:`transfer with
schedule<glossary-transfer-with-schedule>` with the release scheduled for

> December 31 of the same year. At this point, January 2, the account has 50 GTU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
December 31 of the same year. At this point, on January 2, the account has 100 GTU
```

at disposal, the rest being locked. If the account tried to transfer more than
50 GTU the transaction would be rejected.

> On January 3 the account becomes a baker with the initial stake of 125 GTU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On January 3 the account becomes a baker and chooses 125 GTU as the initial stake.
```

> This is successful because the total public balance is 150GTU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is successful because the total public balance is 150 GTU.
```

> After this the account still has 25 GTU at disposal.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps I'm reading this wrong @abizjak but I got a bit lost here – it says it starts with 100 then gets a 50GTU transfer, but then "At this point, January 2, the account has 50 GTU
at disposal, the rest being locked. "

Shouldn't this read "At this point, January 2, the account has 100 GTU
at disposal, the remaining 50 being locked" ?

Author: Yes, you are right, silly typos.

address is provided, ``concordium-client`` will use the account name
``default``.

The :ref:`concordium_id` keeps track of the sequence number and assigns the correct one when sending transactions.
``concordium-client`` tracks the sequence number automatically, but it can

> also be set manually via the option ``--nonce``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also be set manually via the ``--nonce`` option.
```
